hi
[Music]
for today's video it's going to be
special
because this is my birthday glam
tutorial yes i'm it's my birthday today
by the time that you are watching this
so yeah happy birthday
so for this look i am going to do a
simple makeup look a bronzy
winged eyeliner with some nude
pinkish lip and very
passable highlighters
when i'm doing glam makeup so why not do
something that i feel empowered and
confident
about and with that i'm also going to
share a message
to my younger self since i am not a got
the golden again since i started the
home of makeup
and you know prep learning process
that's your birthday good day
i'm plenty by the time that you are
watching this
you guys will enjoy this video and if
you want to know how i made this look
and the things that i'm going to say to
my younger self then
keep on watching i'm doing my base
makeup and uniqueness
since i'm going to do a video about
face makeup tutorial and tips and tricks
let's start off with the contour
and i want to share with you also my
first
secret tip or first message
uh younger self about makeup since i
didn't
start the homework makeup when i was
younger
when i was at a very young age i started
doing makeup when i was 12.
um i think i was 14 so it's
been four years fourteen million and
twelve
eight years control this old man anyway
before i start i'm using the
vice cosmetics aura contour in the shade
porsche and i'm looking
at anyway so
the first message that i want to say to
my younger self is that
go easy on the brows
ever since before yeah no no no
[Music]
which is a mistake it was a mistake i
said
um hindi parket blocking hair more black
language
and one should go for ash brown orange
brown pearl
my cool tone
i'm going to do my nose line i'm using
the squad palette mini mini palette
and i'm using the lightest shade this is
in the shade sneaky by the way
your next do not message siguro or
masasa because
yourself what is that skin care is very
important um
later on important in skin care right
when doing makeup like in the long
shayne's skin care
in the morning and at night pero
it's important now you have to prep your
skin
properly applying
makeup because
[Music]
next i'm going to do my brows and with
that i'm going to say my next message to
my younger self and that
is you don't need to buy
or you don't you don't need expensive
makeup
to make a lot that is really good if
that makes sense
you don't need expensive makeup
in order to create a good
makeup look ion so you gotta be
surprised this is a really cool because
to my younger self because before
parang niko alamko anu mobi bilingual
products thanks to
the filipino content creators especially
my beauty
content creators janek
[Music]
especially for a 14 year old
i mean
[Music]
now i'm using local products and i'm
really happy that
local products are offering really good
and quality
products
makeup on
[Music]
i am going to put my favorite brow gel
which is from vice cosmetics this is the
candle volumizing brow gel in
ash brown
you can create a lot of looks with local
brands
this is a glam look and this is
same time i'm done doing the other side
so it's going to not be the same and
this is
look that's one that i want to say
to my younger self in terms of makeup
tips it doesn't happen
overnight makeup applying makeup and
being good at it
doesn't happen overnight
this is by the way i'm using
this shade right here and applying it on
my face
it's a learning process
basics so
blending that
now that i'm done with the crease part
i'm going to
add this brown shade right here
and i'm going to apply it in there into
outer
lids so uh
i think the darkest color or the darkest
brown
is out it looks weird i know
but we're going to blend it
now i'm going to blend it using a fluffy
brush
now i'm going to add a shimmer shade
i'm going to use this using my ring
finger
and applying it
and now it's harsh i know
we're going to blend it using a
brush like this
using a pencil brush we're going to use
the black shadow right here
i'm finally done with my
eye makeup as you can see lashes but it
looks good
by the way i'm using the ding sing
lashes
in in 3d66
my last message to myself
or the message that i want to give to my
younger self is
that study your feeling is some content
creator a beauty guru
apply
i'm having a
[Music]
and the last thing that i want to say to
my younger self
is to just enjoy and to continue
putting on me if you're watching this
video see you on my next one
like and subscribe i comment down below
your suggestions by the way
since i really love
makeup yeah bye